docs: add guidance for hugging face components (#6872)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Components/components-models.md

The Hugging Face API is a hosted inference API for models hosted on Hugging Face, and requires a [Hugging Face API token](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/security-tokens) to authenticate.

In this example based on the [Basic prompting flow](/starter-projects-basic-prompting), the **Hugging Face API** model component replaces the **Open AI** model. By selecting different hosted models, you can see how different models return different results.

1. Create a [Basic prompting flow](/starter-projects-basic-prompting).

2. Replace the **OpenAI** model component with a **Hugging Face API** model component.

3. In the **Hugging Face API** component, add your Hugging Face API token to the **API Token** field.

4. Open the **Playground** and ask a question to the model, and see how it responds.

5. Try different models, and see how they perform differently.

For more information, see the [Hugging Face documentation](https://huggingface.co/).

### Inputs

| Name           | Type          | Description                                                     |
|----------------|---------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|

> | model_id       | String        | The model ID from Hugging Face Hub (e.g., "gpt2", "facebook/bart-large"). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| model_id       | String        | The model ID from Hugging Face Hub. For example, "gpt2", "facebook/bart-large". |
```
